Changes to Smokey manual:

The Lua function denoted by "FailScript" will be invoked when a failure is
detected in the sequence.  This happens for all values of "BehaviorOnFail",
including "KeepGoing".

New Text:

The "BehaviorOnFail" property controls the way Smokey handles the remainder of
a test sequence when a failure is encountered.  Four values are defined:

	- KeepGoing - Ignore the failure and continue the rest of the
	  sequence.  No failure is propogated to the parent test.
	- StopAfterFailedAction - Stop the current test immediately and
	  propogate the failure upwards.
	- StopAfterFailedIteration - Execute the remaining items in the
	  current iteration.  Afterwards, stop the current test and propogate
	  the failure upwards.
	- StopAfterFailedTest - Execute the remainder of the current iteration
	  and complete the remaining iterations.  Afterwards, propogate the
	  failure upwards.

Tests that define the "ActionToExecute" property but not the "Tests" property
will behave identically for "StopAfterFailedAction" and
"StopAfterFailedIteration".  For either value, Smokey stops the test
immediately and notifies the parent test of the failure.  There are effectively
only three behaviors.

Tests that define the "Tests" property have four distinct failure behaviors, as
described above.  After each subtest immediately defined in the "Tests" array,
Smokey acts upon subtest failure according to "BehaviorOnFail".  Developers
have the option of stopping the test immediately, deferring the stop until the
end of the current iteration through "Tests", or running the testing to
completion.  In all three cases, the failure will be reported to the parent
test so that it can respond according to its "BehaviorOnFail".  A fourth option
is to complete testing without propogating the failure upwards.

The "BehaviorOnFail" property is inherited.  The required definition at the
root of the test sequence sets the default failure behavior of all tests.
Individual tests that specify their own "BehaviorOnFail" can override the
inherited value and set the failure behavior for themselves as well as all
tests beneath them.

The test sequence definition can locally override the inherited value of
"BehaviorOnFail" with the "ThisBehaviorOnFail" property, whose values and
meanings exactly match thsoe of "BehaviorOnFail".  The override applies only to
the test that defines it and it is not inherited.  Both "BehaviorOnFail" and
"ThisBehaviorOnFail" may be defined in the same test to set different behaviors
for parent and child tests in the sequence.
